hi guys it's Angela Kim from this
squishy monster calm and today I'm gonna
share with you one of my favorite boots
it's for homemade pizza and I don't know
what it is about homemade pizza that
just calls to me
maybe it's my evacuation with dough and
watching it grow and pressing it between
my palms or the fact that if you master
this dough you can really kind of make
garlic not strombolis calzones
breadsticks even but the fact that you
can customize this and eat it right away
and enjoy great pizza or pop it into the
freezer and have it whenever your next
craving hits this homemade pizza is just
out of this world
and I hope you guys enjoy it because I
feel like most of life's problems can be
answered with pizza so if you do enjoyed
this video please don't forget to give
it a big thumbs up now let's get started
so here I just have some filtered warm
water and I'm going to combine it with
my yeast now make sure that your East is
fresh or else it will not activate your
dough just give it a stir and set it
aside in my large bowl I just have some
unbleached flour that just means that
it's regular all-purpose but it hasn't
been chemically bleached or altered and
I'm going to add to that my sugar and my
salt to balance things out and I want to
give everything a quick whisk now and go
my water and yeast just into that big
bowl there and some grapeseed oil and
you can of course use this with a stand
mixer it's much easier but I like the
feel of dough in my hand so I just want
to knead it till it combines and kind of
collects with itself it is almost there
just a couple more needs and as you can
see it is sticky but most of it clings
to itself and don't worry all the
details that you need are listed below
and at the squishy monster calm when
your dough comes together
you just want to give your bowl a fine
misting of some oil and plop your dough
into the bottom and cover it to allow it
to rest and double up in size it takes
about an hour this next part is optional
but I like to use homemade tomato sauce
when I'm making my own pizza
so to a heavy-bottomed pot I'm just
going to add in a healthy glug of olive
oil not extra-virgin and then to that I
like to directly grate in some garlic
and onion so with your garlic make sure
you don't get down to that green sprout
if it has that in there that part is
really bitter so you just want to grate
until you see that part and then just
discard the rest next I like to rub in
some of Reggie nose and dried oregano
because it really stands out to the wall
steeping process of this when everything
is nicely aromatic and lightly browned I
like to add in the rest of my
ingredients so I have some tomato sauce
and my pot is now at low it's gonna
simmer for about an hour just until
everything gets to know each other and
really kind of blends nicely and to
counteract the acidity that tomatoes can
have just a sprinkle of sugar it's not
gonna make it so sweet it's really just
going to balance everything out and then
I like to rub in a little bit of red
pepper flakes you can omit this if you
don't like spice but I like the gentle
warmth that it creates and then I have
some a good a tiny little glug of
balsamic I like to use a sweet fruit
infused balsamic and then tuck in some
bay leaves success I found some parmesan
booms here and I just like to tuck that
in and it kind of melts into the sauce
creating kind of a punch of flavor with
that salty cheesy kick and then a light
sprinkle of salt and freshly cracked
black pepper and then I'm just going to
clamp on the lid and allow to simmer
away here's what your pizza dough should
look like after
an hour all I'm doing now is flattening
my dough onto a board lined with either
Silpat or parchment so it doesn't stick
and I personally never conquered the
whole hand tossing it over your head and
fancy bit so I'm just doing what works
for me this far you don't need a rolling
pin you're just merely punching out the
extra air and you're letting it rise a
little bit longer here's what my dome
looks like after the second rise and
it's important to allow it to do the
second rise since it will develop the
flavors so much more intricately I'm
just going to flatten it out and you can
make it as thick or as thin as you'd
like completely up to you your personal
preference and then I'm going to part a
bake it before I put in my toppings as
for your pizza use whatever toppings you
like or have as for my cheese I like to
use a nice melting cheese like a fontina
or a mozzarella so this just par baked
and if you have a pizza stone great but
if you don't don't worry about it so now
we can just dollop on our homemade sauce
and you can really just kind of
customize this with whatever pizza
experience you want to have if you want
to go heavy on the sauce extra cheese if
you want to put your toppings under or
over really totally all up to you
last but not least before it pop it into
the oven I'm just brushing the edges and
the crust with some olive oil so it'll
get nice and golden brown